Piña Colada
This made-from-scratch recipe uses just three ingredients: pineapple juice, cream of coconut, and ice. It's a fabulous tropical smoothie with a taste that outshines any nonalcoholic Piña Colada mix you can buy at the store.
8.99

Mojito 
Enjoy the refreshing taste of a mojito without the rum. The virgin mojito recipe is a quick and simple drink made with fresh lime juice and mint leaves.It's sweetened with honey syrup and topped with club soda and is a fantastic family-friendly drink for summer barbecues.
9.79

Virgin Mary
It has all the spice that makes the bloody mary great, but there's no vodka. Use fresh tomato juice if you like, or pick up a bottled version and have fun customizing the recipe to suit your taste. You can also keep a pitcher in the fridge for a quick drink.
6.69

Citrus Fizz
Eggs add texture and flavor to drinks and are commonly used in fizz cocktails. The base is a tempting mix of orange, lemon, and lime sweetened with grenadine. It's shaken, then strained over ice, and topped with sparkling water.
7.69

Sweet Sunrise
The sweet sunrise is an excellent breakfast, brunch, or afternoon drink that skips the liquor of a very popular cocktail. Also called the virgin sunrise, it is nothing more than a tequila sunrise; hold the tequila. Grenadine adds a great contrast to fresh-squeezed orange juice and gives it the ideal amount of sweetness.
8.69

Sweet Pepper Spritzer
The sweet pepper spritzer is a zero-proof cocktail recipe with a most unusual and intriguing flavor. Featuring red bell pepper and basil, it's a savory, lightly sweetened, sparkling drink that is a fantastic refreshment on warm days.
9.69

Sundowner
The sundowner is a wonderful last-minute choice for any occasion. Made simply of white grape juice and sparkling water with a little mint, the taste is reminiscent of sparkling wine. Depending on how many people you're serving, you can make it by the glass or scale it up to fill a pitcher.
9.99

Cinderella
As lovely and innocent as its namesake, the Cinderella is a sweet, fruity drink with a wonderful flavor. This recipe combines equal parts of lemon, orange, and pineapple juices with a little grenadine for sweetness. Top this off with ginger ale, and a sparkling beverage is yours to enjoy.
8.99

Baby Bellini
The Bellini is a popular choice when you're hosting a fancier brunch. The Champagne cocktail can quickly be transformed into an innocent beverage without losing any of the taste. When you switch the wine out for a sparkling cider, you have the baby Bellini, a lovely peach-flavored sparkling drink everyone will love.
7.89

Planter's Punch
While there are rum-based recipes of the same name, this planter's punch recipe skips the booze. The tropical fruit punch combines orange, pineapple, and lemon juices and sweetens the mix with grenadine. 
5.58

Miami Vice Mocktail
This Miami vice is a fun mocktail for summer, and it looks fabulous. The base of this layered frozen drink tastes like a Piña Colada, while the top is a sweet strawberry-lime smoothie. It's easy to make and a perfect way to cool down on hot summer days.
9.99

Green Lemonade
Homemade lemonade and limeade come together in the super refreshing green lemonade recipe. It's even more tempting when you discover that it features fresh kiwifruit as well. Easy to mix up, this is ​a delicious green drink you'll want by your side on a hot summer day.
5.59

Designated Appletini
Appletini's are extremely popular, but you can skip the vodka and still enjoy an elegant, fruity drink. The designated appletini is a simple twist on the vodka martini that shakes apple juice with lemon juice and simple syrup. Serve it in a cocktail glass, and no one will know the difference.
9.89

Hibiscus Tea
Hibiscus has a fruity, tart flavor and a bright red color. The sugar in this tea recipe helps balance out the tartness of the flowers, but it can be left out, or reduced if desired. 
5.49

Sparkling Peach Sunrise
A simple twist on the virgin sunrise, this recipe switches from orange to peach juice. Not only that, the sparkling peach sunrise tops the drink with lemon-lime soda to give it a lively touch.
8.89

Chicha Morado 
Chicha Morada means "purple beverage," and this is a favorite refreshment from Peru. The key ingredient to this unique drink is purple corn, which is boiled to create an almost-black liquid.
11.89

Sangria
The essential element in this recipe is a trio of fresh-squeezed citrus juices. A combination of red and white grape juices is used to replace the wine, and it's finished off spectacularly with sparkling apple cider.
9.99

Dark 'n Stormy Mocktail
Cool, refreshing, and not too sweet, it's hard to beat the crisp taste of a dark 'n stormy. This nonalcoholic Dark 'n Stormy is not only just as refreshing as the original, it also maintains its classic rum flavor, as well as its iconic layered feature, thanks to rich simple syrup .
9.79

Zero Proof Margarita
This nonalcoholic drink features a trio of citrus juices with a bright, lively taste that rivals the original margarita. It's a fantastic option for hot summer days but equally enjoyable year-round, and you can switch this mocktail up in various ways.
4.99

Hot Not Toddy
In the dead of winter, you'll want a steaming beverage to warm you up, and the hot not toddy will do just that. It skips the liquors traditionally used in toddies, opting for freshly brewed tea, lemon juice, and an array of warming spices instead. It's also a great comfort when you're feeling under the weather.
5.99

Sweet Adeline
There will be days when you need a soothing drink to help you warm up in the winter. The sweet Adeline is a perfect choice, and it takes your average cup of tea to a new level. For this one, you'll steep an orange-spice black tea blend into a hot mix of pomegranate juice and cinnamon syrup.
7.99

Watermelon Lemonade
Summer is the time for both watermelon and lemonade, and the two come together perfectly in this watermelon lemonade recipe. Fantastic for birthday parties and backyard soirées, it's made by the pitcher with fresh watermelon juice, and sure to please everyone.
5.99

Egg Cream
Step back in time with a favorite from the days of old-fashioned soda fountains. New York egg cream is fun, refreshing, and incredibly easy to make at home. Though the original version was made with egg, this modern rendition requires nothing more than milk, chocolate syrup, and seltzer. It's like carbonated chocolate milk, but the taste is so much more than that.
7.89

Roy Rogers
When you're in the mood for a fruity cola on a warm afternoon, mix up a Roy Rogers. Though it's sometimes called cherry cola, it's actually flavored with grenadine, which is a syrup flavored with pomegranate. The only other thing you need is your favorite cola.
5.89

Arnold Palmer
Created by and named for the famous golfer, this refreshing drink is nothing more than iced tea and lemonade. Though it may be simple, there are ways to enhance the base and give it a fresh new spin.
4.99

Apple Soda
When autumn approaches and you head out to the apple orchards, put your newly picked apples to good use with homemade apple soda. This recipe shows you how to make apple syrup that simply needs to be topped with club soda. It's a great family kitchen activity, and the results are impressive.
5.89

